ARMC5 or uArm not in Mbed OS 6 (#1290)
ARMmbed/Handbook: docs/tools/CLI/cli-setup/cli-reqs.md

## 3. Install a compiler

> Download and install one of the following compilers: [GCC Arm, Arm Compiler 6 or IAR](../tools/index.html#compiler-versions).

Reviewer: It is not just the compilers that are installed. I think the text should say:
```suggestion
Install one of the [supported toolchains](../tools/index.html#compiler-versions).
```

| Toolchain | Setting name | Example binary location | Example path |
| --------- | --------- | ---------| --------- |

> | Arm Compiler 6.11 | `ARMC6_PATH` | `C:\Program Files\ARMCompiler6.11\bin\armclang` | `C:\Program Files\ARMCompiler6.11\bin` |

Reviewer 2: We should update the version of AC6 to ~Arm Compiler 6.13~, as it's the one supported and tested in CI and Mbed Studio.
EDIT: I'm keen on removing specific compiler versions of this file or use something generic such `6.xx` and document supported compiler versions in a single location, for example here `tools_intro.md`

Author: Yes, Hugue and I have already agreed on that.

| Toolchain | Environment variable |
| --------- | --------- |
| Arm Compiler 6 | `MBED_ARMC6_PATH` |

> | IAR EWARM Compiler | `MBED_IAR_PATH` |

Reviewer 2: Note IAR is not supported in Mbed OS 6.0, therefore everything related to IAR should be removed.
